ci: update error reference docs (#6895)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/errors/failed-to-fetch-remote-image-dimensions.mdx

---
# NOTE: This file is auto-generated from 'scripts/error-docgen.mjs'
# Do not make edits to it directly, they will be overwritten.
# Instead, change this file: https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/core/errors/errors-data.ts
# Translators, please remove this note and the <DontEditWarning/> component.

title: Failed to retrieve remote image dimensions
i18nReady: true
githubURL: https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/core/errors/errors-data.ts
---
import DontEditWarning from '~/components/DontEditWarning.astro'

<DontEditWarning />

> Failed to get the dimensions for `IMAGE_URL`.

## What went wrong?

> Determining the remote image's dimensions failed. This is typically caused by an incorrect URL or attempting to infer the size of an image in the public folder which is not possible. Here is where the probing logic lives in Astro's [sourcecode](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/assets/utils/image-size/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determining the remote image's dimensions failed. This is typically caused by an incorrect URL or attempting to infer the size of an image in the public folder which is not possible. Here is where the probing logic lives in Astro's [source code](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/assets/utils/image-size/).
```
